today I'm going to be making some really
really easy scrambled eggs I've got four
eggs four tablespoons of water that's at
room temperature and one tablespoon of
vegetable oil three ingredients let's
get started first thing we're gonna do
get all of our four eggs into our Bowl
I'm just gonna start whisking those
around this is a really really simple
recipe and now my four tablespoons of
water so that's 1 tablespoon of water
correct now you can use milk if you wish
however you know there's a lot of debate
but in most hotels restaurants the chefs
will use water most chefs believe in
water over milk but at home you want a
little bit more nutrition throw in the
milk we'll just mix that up
I want that really well whisked and then
we're ready to get our pan heated up and
get on to the next step all right I'm
back and I've set up my hot plate here
first thing get our oil in there you can
just mix that around a little bit you
don't want your heat to high and then
I'm gonna grab all of my egg I'm just
gonna get a little last minute whisk and
get that right in there just like that
and then what I'm gonna do is right away
I'm gonna start pushing the egg if we
leave the egg in there and don't move it
we're gonna turn this into an omelet so
I'm gonna just keep moving my egg just
like this I'm actually gonna lower my
heat and then you just want to push it
now you do not want to have a really
high beat because what will happen is
your egg likes you start browning now if
you like you know a little bit of a
crust on your egg that's fine however I
like my egg without that kind of crust
and so you want to do a low heat just
like that you can see how quickly this
is coming together just before I started
filming I did make my toast my toast is
all ready to go
you can see
in real-time how quickly this comes
together and the longer you let this sit
here the more moisture is driven out of
the eggs and the drier they will become
and at this point right here you can see
we're maybe 15 20 seconds away from
plating and right there we're almost
done and that's it so let's plate this
up turn this element right off and I'll
go get my plate all right now just
zoomed in a little bit here's our
beautiful egg we'll get that right on
there
beautiful scrambled egg platter oh that
looks good that's good just like that
we'll get our toast on there as well hit
that with a little pepper a little bit
of salt and there we go my easy
scrambled eggs I hope you enjoyed this
video and I'll see you next time
you